Welcome back.
Now I'm not going to go over all of our steps that we used in the section where we talked about how
to solve problems and how to talk through your problems in front of an interviewer.
And we even watched That Google video of all the things you need to do because that's gonna take way
too long of a time.
I'm going to speed things up and just talk about the key points of how you would solve this problem.
Well in order to reverse this string the first thing we want to do is some sort of a check of our input.
We can't just assume that we're going to always receive a string.
What if somebody calls the reverse function with well undefined or with a number.
What happens then.
And a good thing to always start off with is to check the input.
In my case I'm going to do a simple check.
Let's say that if there's no string so that is undefined or perhaps that the string dot length is less
than two.
That means well if string dot length is less than two that means I'm just receiving one letter or no
letters in which case we don't really need to do any operations.
It's already kind of reversed and we can add different input validation here such as using the type
of keyword in javascript to check if it's a String type.
But that's something you can just do on your own.
Actually let's implement it since we're here anyway just to show you.
So I can say type of string if it doesn't equal string type of SDR which is the parameter we receive
as an equal the string type.
Well in that case we can just return who.
That's not good
otherwise.
Let's do some operation to reverse the string.
Well let's think about this.
We want to convert it into an array.
So I'm going to create a backwards array and this is what we're going to return from the function.
I'm going to return the array that is reversed.
But we want to return a String.
Right.
A reverse reverses a string.
This should return a String even though we're going to convert whatever we receive into an array at
the end.
We want to turn it back into a string.
So in Javascript we can do the two string method or the joint method and we just say join all the items
in the array.
Now in here we're going to grab the length of the array or the string because we're gonna be using it
a lot and we don't want to have repeated code.
So I'm going to say length minus one is how many items we have in the string.
Or maybe we should name this items
or actually total items.
That's a better name.
Now these total items.
So we're going to loop through our string we'll say let I equals to the total items
so I is going to equal however many characters we have in our string and we're gonna keep going until
I is equals to zero
and all we're going to do because we want to go from back to front.
We're going to decrement this so we're gonna go from the length of the string all the way back.
So we're going to start off with I E R D and A and insert those into an array that we've created the
backwards array one by one so in this loop all we're going to do is say backwards dot push each item
that we're gonna create.
So SDR
and I know what you're thinking.
Whoa whoa whoa.
Why don't we just convert the string into an array.
You told me all about converting strings into an array and we didn't really do that in JavaScript actually
has the SDR dot split or we can run the split command to split things into an array but with JavaScript
we can actually just use strings as arrays and access each property like this with bracket notation
so that they essentially are arrays so we don't have to run any split commands.
This also works and all we're doing is we're going backwards one by one and pushing each item of our
given string into our array.
So if I console log here before we run the joint command the backwards array and I run reverse
and let's reverse the string
let's run this oh and you may have noticed that this length didn't really come from anywhere it should
be total items.
So this is the total whoops total items.
This is the problem with life coding.
I tried to show that everybody makes mistakes even myself and it's good because this way you think through
the problem and these total items remember we want to keep going as long as AI is greater than or equal
to zero so if I now run this Hey look at that we have an array with all of our backwards items right
in here and you see here that the return value that we get is the backwards string that we receive because
we join it at the end very goal.
I hope you got that answer or maybe you have a better answer than me because what I did here is not
necessarily the cleanest way.
And depending on which programming language you use you might have built in methods that simplify this
step.
Let me show you what I mean.
In javascript for example we can use some built in methods that come with the race to just simplify
this whole thing and make our code a lot more readable.
Let's create a new function.
And I'm going to call this
reverse too.
And this reverse too is going to once again receive some sort of an input.
I won't do any input validation for this one.
You can just assume that we can just copy and paste it here.
But in here we can do a simple return statement grab the string run the split command because this time
around we're not going to access the eye like we did up here.
We're going to convert it into an array so that we can use a built in method that comes in JavaScript
there is called reverse and this reverse does what we just did here for us and now we just join it at
the end.
So by using a built in method called reverse I avoided all this work.
How nice is that.
Let's see if that works.
I'm going to say reverse too.
Going to run and look at that.
It's still working.
What about another solution.
Again many different ways.
And let's say the interviewer says is there a more modern cleaner way that he can make this function
and because in JavaScript there's the new.
Yes six syntax.
You can even create a one line function call it reverse three that's going to take a string and it's
going to do string dot split
and again do the exact same thing using error function this time around and this should still work the
exact same look at that.
And if you want to get fancy you can again use a new feature of JavaScript which is the structuring
or not the structuring.
This is the spread operator.
If I run this we no longer need the split.
I can run this and I get the same thing again.
I just want to demonstrate to you that there are many different ways to solve a problem and an interviewer
is not going to reject you for a job just because you implemented it this way vs. this way.
It depends on how you deliver your solution.
And this is something that we talked about in our how to solve problem section how you want to talk
through the problem.
Explain to the interviewer why you did and as long as you understand the pros and cons of each solution.
That's what makes a great engineer.
I'll see in the next one.